hi there are three different attributes
you must have if you want to pick up the
latest mere appearance dance and the
skills all the girls at nightclubs look
good and I know they look good because I
spent hours getting ready to look good
ain't that right girls ain't that right
girls I gotta stop sounding so gay so
the deal is if they look good you gotta
look good ah ok I'm not sure mmm jeans
Oh support lots of Tiger and shoes are a
good traditional look Hey look I'm
Darvey the dinosaur cash was good but
going semi formal shoes you got class
and you're not some typical horny
perverted guy but we all know that's not
trick but I know something you must be
wondering but Johnny how do you maintain
it's too hot in the clubs to wear so
many layers layers well guy with
extremely immature a week check this out
Wow I know what you're thinking that's
how you want to get down actually I was
thinking how your nipples are so brown
as you can see low cut it's got air
holes so the air can get through so you
can wear additional layers without
getting hot well honey you are so smart
yep so sudden the next step is dance
dance is very important because mostly
all girls are natural-born dances they
have some kind of weird flail dance
thinger and then make it look so hot
even if you guys did some kind of crazy
skits getting weird i sees you dumb ass
down
the guys will be like oh damn that is so
hot that is so kinky I love it but if
guys can't dance just give you the ugh
Oh so in the end we gotta learn how to
dance oh okay so you have three simple
dance moves that you can bust out on
those nightclubs the side step cuz i
have no freakin rhythm you can add
whatever is your well i started you can
if whatever you guys the oh I've got a
question oh wait I forgot oh well
remembered oh no I like toys they like
me the sofa honey and also the oh no
heart attack yeah yeah see you I see you
yeah but I gotta hold on to my heart
because got a hard ass a nice gloves are
so pack so don't be doing your b boy or
freestyles or you're shuffling because
you know there's not enough space and
also the girls don't they don't really
care because they just care about
themselves I mean they have the arm flow
move you may have 10 years experience
with b-boy but they have the arm flail
move you may be the best freestyle in
your country but they have boobs then
you loose what what beats groups huh
nothing maybe I should sell on my
low-cut whole shirt
I'm just doing here gotta return that to
my mom not just last night repeat you
must have is skills did again that's
still being courage you gotta go look
around and find the most compatible girl
for you the one you think would be the
most intelligent most caring most
romantic oh but i'll just pick notice
one uh-uh and you got to walk up to him
and say just this one line can I buy you
a drink okay I don't want none of this I
don't want none of this hey yep oh
pretty hands to touch their stance so
that's it those are the three steps to
getting girls a clubs and if they don't
work then oh no too ugly ciao